# MSF Parser #

A library for accessing Thermo’s ProteomeDiscoverer’s MSF result file format.
MSF files are SQLite3-based, so the this interface represents a simple API using ActiveRecord that is directly translatable to the database’s schema.

This gem takes heavily from Angel Pizzaro's thermo_msf gem.

https://github.com/itmat/thermo_msf

## WARNING ##

This gem has not been developed to completion,
taken only sufficiently far to serve my present needs.

It has not been tested on MSF files other than those generated by my instrument
operating my version of Thermo's Proteome Discoverer.

## Installation ##

    gem install msf

## Usage ##

    msf = MSF.new({:path => msf_file})
    Peptides.all do |peptide|
      <whatever>
    end

    ibspectra msf_file >> msf_file/msf_file.ibspectra.csv
		
## Contributing to msf ##
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

## Copyright ##

Copyright (c) 2012 William Van Etten. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

